The WL auto-clicker project came into existence through a combination of frustation and curiosity.
I needed an auto-clicker for my Minecraft world. But none that I found would work.
Either a bad hotkey (F8 which opens remote session or something), non-configurable hotkey, or just not running at all.
The main issue seemed to be that most of these auto-clickers were suited for X11 server architecture, and didn't work well on Wayland.
So, I thought, "Well, good opportunity to understand how these work, and also just do something that will actually make sense for me to be doing a CS Degree.
Now, I know, there might be many auto-clickers that would be working on Wayland.
But this was just my attempt, for me to learn and build something for myself, and to give something back to the open-source community.
I would appreciate any feedback. Email : pranjalsharma3554@gmail.com
I'm still super new to everything so let's see where I end up.
And oh, thanks for being here and reading this.

---------- Part 1 : Getting permissions to add virtual HID ----------

So there's a uinput device file, located at /dev/uinput, that allows the user to build a virtual Human Interface Device, or HID.
This device simulates hardware inputs, so this is what will generate our clicks.
The first step is to tell uinput, "Hey, I want to make a device, and this is what it can handle", like left-click, right-click, keyboard, etc.
But you can't directly edit uinput; linux doesn't allow you. So first, you have to edit the file's permissions to allow group to update it.
(Why? The Owner can already do it, but that's the root. If someone else wants to, they need to make a group).
But chmod doesn't cut it; this file's permissions are read at boot from a file. You need to update the permissions there.

This is all in a daemon. The daemon is at /etc/udev/rules.d . You make a .rules file, which ACTION="add" (cause you're adding the uinput file),KERNEL=="uinput",MODE="660"(RW for group),OWNER="<ownername>" or GROUP="<groupname>"
Add it to rules.d, reboot the rule files and re-trigger actions. And start a new terminal session.

---------- Part 2 : Writing the clicking program ----------

The 500 or so lines look like a lot, and they are. But a lot of that is just checks, cause I don't want some malicious, maybe even
ignorant user, to disintegrate my program or their device. But the main things here are:

1. The clicker function
    From what I understood, a click is just a write to a file that the computer continuously reads from. This write is of a struct, which defines the 
    type of write(mouse, keyboard, etc. I think), it's code (different keys, vs lmb or rmb), and it's value (pressed, released, held). So, our program
    uses the custom emit function (conveniently listed at https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/input/uinput.rst) to write these structs to the uinput
    file.
    And, I use delta time (difference between time intervals) instead of sleep as a ticker. Instead of calculating how long to wait, I calculate when the
    next click should be and has that time passed already or not. This way, errors due to sleep (which usually only sleeps at least that amount of time)
    don't get carried over to subsequent iterations.

2. The keyboard input function
    Continuously, for the lifetime of the program, reads keyboard inputs from the user. Doesn't store them (I don't want your Bitwallet password vro).
    On the rising edge of the hotkey, that is, when all keys in the hotkey combination are pressed together, it starts/stops the program. But only the 
    given keys are checked for match (if it's a hotkey combination).

That's it. All other are helper functions, like to convert secs to nanoseconds. A lot of file opening, reading and writing.

---------- Part 3 : Writing the README ----------

This was my favourite part, and the fastest too. Elaborating things as well as possible, while revealing as less real details about the code as possible,
so as to not bore the average computer user. Looked really clean, hopefully others think so too.

I was so happy when the program ran for the first time.

At one point, I changed idea to allow cps < 1, because my minecraft farm needed 5 seconds per click, or 0.2 cps. So I changed the input to accept and
convert double, and completely didn't realise that I was type-casting it to int when converting it to ns_per_click. Integer Overflow, crashed both my minecraft
and my Web Browser, but everything else was fine. The only crash during this entire process.

---------- Part 4 : Packaging, and Uploading ----------

Here I am today. Took me about 2 weeks to develop the entire thing. On every step there was some issue, I needed some tool, and I asked AI what tool could I use.
Then I would go read about that tool, implement, debug, and repeat. My friend constantly pestered me that AI and Python can do this in 5 mins.
But they can't give me the satisfaction and experience.

But the AppImage is ready, and I'll upload it to the repo tomorrow.

Thanks for reading this, this took a while to write, and surely will take to read too.